hi this is Josh Olsen and you're
watching trailers from hell and today
we're gonna do write to all and wrong no
man with George pals 1975 Doc Savage Man
of Bronze when slithering horror
threatens on assassins narrow their
sights when terrorists strike
when killers filled the sky
it would be very very easy to bag on
this film because as a doc Savage fan
and a George pal fan it's it's very
disappointing the trailer will really
give you a perfect idea of how
completely batshit crazy this movie is
but I will say it the first couple
minutes of it just really captured so
much of what I think a lot of other
people moved about Doc Savage
the real Doc Savage if you will was
created by Lester Dent back in the 30s
in a series of pulp-free thrillers that
ran well into the 40s I think he wrote
about a hundred and eighty of them they
were reprinted when I was a kid in a
series of paperbacks that I was first
drawn to I think like most people my age
by the incredible covers by the very
great James Bhama also Marvel Comics
around the same time this movie came out
published in black and white and
magazine Doc Savage adventures that were
written by Doug munch and drawn by Tony
D's Antigua and they were really
wonderful really captured the feel of
those books in a way that unfortunately
this film doesn't George Powell was a
giant noir of the science fiction film
he'd done the time machine in War of the
Worlds and movies that just were you
know sci-fi kids just ate up with a
spoon that pushed the boundaries of
effects for the time and he produced
this film and my understanding is that
about halfway through the studio changed
heads and a lot of the money for it was
pulled but that probably doesn't account
for all the problems I will say that Ron
Eli makes a great Doc Savage
he'd been Tarzan on TV for a long time
and was that part but pretty much
everything else in the film kind of
falls apart I think to save money they
ended up using John Philip Sousa music
that Frank Duvall had written some
bizarro lyrics to and the songs are kind
of funny the director of the film was
Michael Anderson who had also directed
around the world in 80 days and Logan's
Run and a terrific little spy film I
love called the quyllur memorandum this
was one of those movies that I think was
counting chickens before they hatched
the at the end of the credits it said
watch out for the archenemy of evil and
even as a kid is frustrated disappointed
as I was with this movie I held out the
hope for years that archenemy of evil
would
I'm out and they'd have fixed all the
problems with this one but sadly it
never did we can only wonder how how
great that film would have been or not